that's one I ever heard about I believe
was in Phoenix and it was you know the
die when they still closed well someone
this was just this is a story that I've
heard they put it all in all the gloves
right except one pair went around serve
up with the gloves on and when practice
is done divas might actually been there
the blue guy oh yeah so they put they
put the page I at every one except one
guy so so then they you know everyone
gone off to practice up pull out and
they got blue dye Oliver as acceptable
accepted one guy doesn't kind of set set
him up over oh it's like the shaving
cream on my calls guys that comes out on
cleaning and that's going back in I
always I mean it's the same trace think
it's a little prank here six are taped
up when you come to the rink you know oh
it's all good fun it's the same only a
lot i mean i can't remember the
logarithm say the best they will power
sit right XP and whatever have it roll
up the rim to win job team organs cost
ya okay who give the most and I listen
to PR office look at the cruel one day
and we can sort of importance cough here
and Celtic what products we have the
glasses in the office but winning cuffs
big mixing with other ones so I grabbed
to watch the wind comes I need to say i
want to quit a role i guess how we but
then how we found my cups and stashed in
the back and so the trick was up but
that would be one of them one of the
best discuss how we see her I karam all
but that would be one was great
one that happened to Darren McCarty and
I were roommates when you during the
playoffs and we came back to our room
after dinner we came in our room can
turn the lights on all our light bulbs
were taking out all our mattresses were
stuffed in her bathroom she put on
everything our room was just trashed so
I have I have two suspects on that one
but it's been a long time I have it ja I
haven't gone after house probably one of
the best ones that have to me